youcat: code transfer from cadc internal repo and refactor (#144)
opencadc/tap: youcat/README.md

as a generic TAP implementation(see configuration limitations, development
plans, and enahncements needed below).

## configuration

The following configuration files must be available in the `/config` directory.

### catalina.properties

This file contains java system properties to configure the tomcat server and some
of the java libraries used in the service.

See <a href="https://github.com/opencadc/docker-base/tree/master/cadc-tomcat">cadc-tomcat</a>
for system properties related to the deployment environment.

See <a href="https://github.com/opencadc/core/tree/master/cadc-util">cadc-util</a>
for common system properties. 

`youcat` includes multiple IdentityManager implementations to support authenticated access:
 - See <a href="https://github.com/opencadc/ac/tree/master/cadc-access-control-identity">cadc-access-control-identity</a> for CADC access-control system support.
  
 - See <a href="https://github.com/opencadc/ac/tree/master/cadc-gms">cadc-gms</a> for OIDC token support.

### cadc-registry.properties

The `youcat` service currently queries a known (trusted) GMS service for all groups a user belongs to

> in order to mangle queries on the *tap_schema* content. A service providing the 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
in order to inject group membership information into queries on the *tap_schema* content. A service providing the 
```

Author: fixed manually

`ivo://ivoa.net/std/GMS#search-1.0` capability must be configured here for that to work. Temporary
hack: at least one library still uses the old standardID (`ivo://ivoa.net/std/GMS#search-1.0`) so that 
has to be configured as well.

See <a href="https://github.com/opencadc/reg/tree/master/cadc-registry">cadc-registry</a>.

### cadc-tap-tmp.properties

> This service uses the `cadc-tap-tmp` library to persist tap_upload tables and async results. It is currently

Reviewer: Maybe somehow make clear that this uploading is different than the user-table functions that youcat provides.
